Hahahahaha full moon
Are you crazy?
This is a high-class banquet, not a brain power exchange
Just pay for that set of rhetoric that deceives children
Li Tianwang, is it you or me?
Is it him?
gorgeous
I don't want to hear your bullshit fairy tales
I just want to say
If you still want to cling to our Wang family
If you still want to be human, don't close your eyes
A mere ancient bronze pagoda
You want me to give it to you.
My Jiang family has a great career, and it is not bad.
But you are like smoke for eight dollars
To make up such a fairy story
Do you know what you are like?
Jumping Clown
Rare Qingdao
The golden light wants the sun to shine on all things on the earth
I'll show you today
This
You can't afford it.
This is the golden tower.
Could it be that this is really the exquisite pagoda of Yitian King?
How is that possible?
Listen to the appearance connotation supreme gold quality assurance
This is real quality assurance
I am willing to pay 100 million to acquire Fort
No, I'll give you 150 million
A broken golden tower artifact
Jiang Shao doesn't take a look directly
Even if this tower is you
Who is Jiang Shao
Famous family in the clouds
Would care about you, you piece of shit
I don't want 200 million
Famous door in the cloud
However, two
Dead treasure, my pharyngitis has been withdrawn.
Pharyngitis, you didn't give face shameless
I also said
You can't afford this candy.